GPU - bad if you have lots of conditionals


Look for solitons that bifurcate into more solitons that bifurcate
with this bifurcation, look for frequency between them changing.
What about a soliton gun - a big soliton that is able to spit out small solitons

Use Wavelets to look for interesting solutions


honours
4 different ingredients
supply of energy/mass
loss of energy/mass
focusing of energy/mass
dispersing of energy/mass


transition between laminar/nonlaminar flow
viscous fingering - when does it transition between one state or another
explain why we get a string of pearls in ion tracks for MCSAS.
soap film
cellular autonima
lightening breakdown to make fractals
cyclones 
many particles to a soliton - e.g. BECs are made of many particles, and they form a soliton - can this be reversed




earths magnetic field/fluid mechanics
Viscous Fingering Fractal
magnetodynamic
Cyclones
Rogue Waves
Galaxy/BH/Star/Planet formation
Virtual particles in a vacuum
Bird flapping wings -> height
Aurora’s
Particles-> creation of the universe
Dark matter and universe
hajj
explain why we get a string of pearls in ion tracks for MCSAS.
soap films
viscous fingering
fractal antennas
ion tracks - end quite abruptly, and sometimes oscillate. what causes this, can this be extended? - can I use this for my research project?
spinning neutron stars - when will they collide?
magnus effect
viscous fingering/Diffusion Limited Aggregation
dynamo theory
bubble over a can, heat it up.
fractal electronics/antenna
cellular autonima/conways game of life
cellular autonima - re fractals
popping a bubble
laminar flow
magnetohydrodynamics - solar flair, covection currents
tesla coil applied to atoms (or tesla coils in general)


A dissipative soliton (DS) is a system in which energy/mass enters the system, leaves the system, is focused and is also dispersed. 
The system will either be in a steady state, or will oscilate, and a deviation will cause the collapse of the system. 
As an example, a TV can be considered to be a dissipative soliton, and should too much power be put in, it will break. If too little is put in, it won't work; It is only in the sweet spot that you get a functioning TV.



